Add Nix Flake (#77)
YaLTeR/niri: README.md

Next, build niri with `cargo build --release`.

### NixOS/Nix

> For NixOS and Nix users, there is a flake provided. This provides a devshell with all required dependencies. To build the binary:
> 
> ```
> nix build
> ```
> 
> To execute the resulting binary:
> 
> ```
> ./results/bin/niri
> ```
>     
> For Nix users not on NixOS, you may need [NixGL](https://github.com/nix-community/nixGL) to run the resulting binary:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have a community-maintained flake which provides a devshell with required dependencies. Use `nix build` to build niri, and then run `./results/bin/niri`.
    
If you're not on NixOS, you may need [NixGL](https://github.com/nix-community/nixGL) to run the resulting binary:
```

Doing this will make niri appear in GDM and, presumably, other display managers.

### NixOS

> For NixOS users, check out https://github.com/sodiboo/niri-flake

Reviewer: Could you keep this inside the tip above for now? I think it makes more sense, because people are likely first interested in "normal" installation, which is why I put that closer to the top.
